Prerequisite and a Note added for macOS (#433)
redhat-developer/app-services-guides: docs/rhoas/rhoas-cli-installation/README.adoc

.Prerequisites

* You've installed the `rhoas` CLI.

> * To enable command completion on Bash for macOS you need to have Bash completion installed and running with its current login scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you're using macOS, `bash-completion` must be installed and configured in your `.bash_profile` file.
```

Reviewer 2: Just one further suggestion here. I would try to write this in the active voice, to match the prerequisite that comes before it. So, something like:

"If you're using macOS, you've installed `bash-completion` and configured this in your `.bash_profile` file."

----
$ sudo mv rhoas_completions /usr/local/etc/bash_completion.d/rhoas
----

> NOTE: For macOS consult your bash software for the location and usage of your bash_completion directory.

Reviewer: If the user's bash-completion is in a different location, I believe they can find it by checking .bashrc or .bash_profile in their home directory:

```suggestion
NOTE: For macOS, to find the location of your `bash-completion` directory, check the `~/.bashrc` or `~/.bash_profile` file.
```

Author: Implemented, thanks
